The 8th Glover Trophy was a motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 18 April 1960 at Goodwood Circuit, England. The race was run over 42 laps of the circuit, and was won by British driver Innes Ireland in a Lotus 18. This was the first Formula 1 win for the Lotus marque in an international race.
The 1967 Italian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Autodromo Nazionale di Monza on 10 September 1967. It was race 9 of 11 in both the 1967 World Championship of Drivers and the 1967 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The race was won by British driver John Surtees driving a Honda. It was the sixth and final career victory for Surtees, as well as the first ever race for the Honda RA300 which he drove to victory. This was the first Formula One race where start lights were used.
The 2008 Copa del Rey final was the 106th final of the Spanish cup competition, the Copa del Rey. The final was played at Vicente Calderón in Madrid, on 16 April 2008.
The 2009–10 Swiss Cup was the 85th season of Switzerland's annual football cup competition. It began on 17 September with the first game of Round 1 and ended on 9 May 2010 with the Final held at St. Jakob-Park, Basel. The competition was won by FC Basel, who defeated second-level side Lausanne-Sport, 6–0. Since Basel also won the 2009–10 Swiss Super League, Lausanne qualified for the second qualification round of the UEFA Europa League.
The 2010 Belgian Super Cup was a football match that was played on 23 July 2010, between league winners Anderlecht and cup winners Gent. In a match with several chances for both teams, only Anderlecht managed to score once through Kouyaté. This meant the ninth Super Cup title for Anderlecht and left Gent still looking for their first win.
The 2011 Kor Royal Cup was the 76th Kor Royal Cup, an annual football match contested by the winners of the previous season's Thai Premier League and Thai FA Cup competitions. The match was played at Suphachalasai Stadium, Bangkok, on 30 January 2011, and contested by 2010 Thai Premier League champions Muangthong United, and Chonburi as the winners of the 2010 Thai FA Cup.
The 2011 League of Ireland Cup Final also known as the 2011 EA Sports Cup Final was the final match of the 2011 League of Ireland Cup, the 38th season of the League of Ireland Cup, a football competition for the 27 teams from the Premier Division, First Division, A Championship and the Ulster Senior League. The match was contested by Cork City and Derry City, at Turners Cross in Cork on 24 September 2011. It was broadcast live on Setanta Sports.
The 2011 Sparta Prague Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was part of the 2011 ITF Women's Circuit, offering a total of $100,000 in prize money. It took place at the TK Sparta Prague in Bubeneč, Prague, Czech Republic, from 9 to 15 May 2011.
The 2012–13 UEFA Champions League was the 58th season of Europe's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 21st season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs' Cup to the UEFA Champions League.
The 2013 Slovnaft Cup final was the final match of the 2012–13 Slovak Cup, the 44th season of the top cup competition in Slovak football. The match was played at the Štadión MFK Ružomberok in Ružomberok on 1 May 2013 between MŠK Žilina and ŠK Slovan Bratislava. ŠK Slovan Bratislava won 2–0 and Slovan have a chance acquire double.
392 is the second studio album and Japanese release by the South Korean rock band CNBlue. The album is the last indie release of the band in Japan, before the group move to Warner Music Japan. The album was released on September 1, 2011.
3WAY FM is an Australian community radio station based in Warrnambool, Victoria. Established in 1990, it broadcasts on frequency 103.7 FM and is a member of the Community Broadcasting Association of Australia.
Andrew Scott Sloan was an American lawyer, politician, and Wisconsin pioneer. He served one term in the U.S. House of Representatives (1861–1863) and served as Wisconsin's 11th Attorney General (1874–1878). For most of his political career, he was a Republican, but while serving as attorney general, he ran as a Liberal Republican, part of the short-lived Reform coalition in Wisconsin.
Adrian Darnell Griffin Sr. is an American professional basketball coach and former player who most recently served as the head coach for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played in the NBA as a shooting guard and small forward from 1999 to 2008. Griffin grew up in Wichita, Kansas, and played college basketball for the Seton Hall Pirates.
The African grey hornbill is a member of the hornbill family of mainly tropical near-passerine birds found in the Old World. It is a widespread resident breeder in much of sub-Saharan Africa and the southwest of the Arabian Peninsula. The African grey hornbill has escaped or been deliberately released into Florida, USA, but there is no evidence that the population is breeding and may only persist due to continuing releases or escapes.
Akalwadi  is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India. It is located in the Basavana Bagevadi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
Amphisbaena ridleyi, known by the common names Ridley's worm lizard or the Noronha worm lizard, is a species of amphisbaenian in the family Amphisbaenidae. The species is endemic to the island of Fernando de Noronha off the coast of Brazil. It is one of two indigenous reptiles on the island.
Andrew Kippis was an English nonconformist clergyman and biographer.
Sir Anthony Michael Beaumont-Dark was a British politician.
Ashot I the Great was a presiding prince of Iberia, first of the Bagratid family to have attained to this office c. 813. From his base in Tao-Klarjeti, he fought to enlarge the Bagratid territories and sought the Byzantine protectorate against the Arab Muslim encroachment until being murdered c. 826. Ashot is also known as Ashot I Kouropalates for the Byzantine title of kouropalates that he bore. A patron of Christian culture and a friend of the church, he has been canonized by the Georgian Orthodox Church.
Ayrovo is a village in Kardzhali Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern Bulgaria.
Balanites is an Afrotropical, Palearctic and Indomalayan genus of flowering plants in the caltrop family, Zygophyllaceae. The name Balanites derives from the Greek word for an acorn and refers to the fruit. It was coined by Alire Delile in 1813.
The Battle of Bregalnica was fought between the armies of the Kingdom of Bulgaria and the Kingdom of Serbia during the Second Balkan War from 30 June to 8 July. It was the largest battle of the war.
The Battle of Cepeda of 1820 took place on February 1 in Cañada de Cepeda, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. The conflict was the first major battle that saw Unitarians and Federals as two constituted sides. It ended with the defeat of the national government.
The Battle of Rottofreddo was fought on 10 August 1746 during the War of Austrian Succession between a French army and Austrian forces. The French were led by Marshal Maillebois, and could repel the Austrian attack, but had to withdraw after the battle.
The Battle of Sampur was fought in 2006 for the town of Sampur during the Sri Lankan civil war.
The Battle of Zacatecas, also known as the Toma de Zacatecas, was the bloodiest battle in the campaign to overthrow Mexican President Victoriano Huerta. On June 23, 1914, Pancho Villa's División del Norte decisively defeated the federal troops of General Luis Medina Barrón defending the town of Zacatecas. The great victory demoralized Huerta's supporters, leading to his resignation on July 15. However, the Toma de Zacatecas also marked the end of support of Villa's Division of the North from Constitutionalist leader Venustiano Carranza and US President Woodrow Wilson.
Battle on the Elster was the third and last battle between the Salian king Henry IV of Germany and anti-king Rudolf of Rheinfelden, fought on October 14, 1080 near Hohenmölsen on the White Elster river. Rudolf's forces were victorious; however, he was mortally wounded and succumbed to his injuries the next day.
The Bornean mountain ground squirrel is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae. The scientific name commemorates British colonial administrator and zoological collector Alfred Hart Everett.
Bryotropha plantariella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It is found in Norway, Sweden, Finland, north-eastern Germany, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Poland, Belarus, Russia and North America. Records from Austria, the Czech Republic and Slovakia need confirmation.
The Burgery ambush was an ambush carried out by the Irish Republican Army (IRA) on 18–19 March 1921, during the Irish War of Independence. It took place near Dungarvan, County Waterford.
"Can U Get wit It" is the first single from American recording artist Usher's self-titled debut album (1994). Written and produced by DeVante Swing of Jodeci, the single peaked at number 59 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 87 on the UK Singles Chart.
Chitita is a village in the Arica and Parinacota Region, Chile. It has a church that was on the Chilean tentative list for submission to the 1998 UNESCO World Heritage List.
Cindy Mackey is an American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour. She also played under her maiden name, Cindy Pleger, before her marriage in 1984.
Convoy HX 156 was the 156th of the numbered series of World War II HX convoys of merchant ships from Halifax, Nova Scotia to Liverpool. Forty-three ships departed Halifax on 22 October 1941, and were met two days later by United States Navy Task Unit 4.1.3 consisting of Gleaves-class destroyer Niblack, Clemson-class destroyer Reuben James, Wickes-class destroyer Tarbell, and Benson-class destroyers Benson and Hilary P. Jones.
Dallas Keuchel is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He has previously played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Houston Astros, Atlanta Braves, Chicago White Sox, Arizona Diamondbacks, Texas Rangers, Minnesota Twins, and Milwaukee Brewers and in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) for the Chiba Lotte Marines.
Darreh Dang is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 451, in 67 families, making it the most populous village in the rural district.
Drama City is an anthology television series that was broadcast by Korea Broadcasting System (KBS) via KBS2TV from 1984 to 2008.
Evansius Kek Mawlong was an Indian politician who served as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya from 8 March 2000, until 8 December 2001. He was the main architect in the formation of the United Democratic Party in Meghalaya and was its Founding President.
Edmund Smith Conklin was an American author and psychologist.
Enallagma truncatum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae. It is endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitats are intermittent freshwater lakes and freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Fabrice Gautrat is an American professional soccer coach and former player who is the head coach of the Houston Dash of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL). He was previously an assistant coach for the Chicago Red Stars and the North Carolina Courage.
Finn Schiander was a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. He was a crew member of the Norwegian boat Lyn, which won the silver medal in the 8 metre class.
The Fleckistock is a 3,417 metres high mountain in the Urner Alps, overlooking Wassen in the canton of Uri. It is the highest summit of the group lying east of the pass of Sustenjoch. This range, starting at the Stucklistock and ending at the Salbitschijen, separates the valleys of Voralp, above Göschenen and Meiental, above Wassen.
The gerbil mouse or long-eared mouse is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae. It is found in Angola, Botswana, Namibia, and South Africa. Its natural habitats are dry savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, hot deserts, and temperate deserts.
Hagar Wilde was an American novelist, short story writer, playwright, and screenwriter from the 1930s through the 1950s. She is perhaps best known for the screenplays for Bringing Up Baby (1938) and I Was a Male War Bride (1949), two Howard Hawks films, both starring Cary Grant.
Henlow is a village and civil parish in the Central Bedfordshire district of the county of Bedfordshire, England, about 11 miles (18 km) south-east of the county town of Bedford. The name Henlow is believed to derive from the old English henna hlaw, meaning in old English "hill of birds" or “hill frequented by birds”.
"Hey Boy" is a song by Swedish group Teddybears from their album Fresh. It was released as the album's second single in 2004 and reached the top 20 in Sweden. The music video received airplay on ZTV.
Hilarographa excellens is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on the Bismarck Islands in the western Pacific Ocean.
Hiroshi Mori  is a Japanese writer and engineer. He is known for writing mystery novels – particularly his debut work The Perfect Insider, which won him the first Mephisto Prize in 1996 – but he considers himself to be a researcher as well as craftsman.
"If" is a 2013 single by Scottish Indie rock band Glasvegas. It was released on 8 July 2013. It is the second single from their third studio album Later...When The TV Turns To Static. It was written and produced by lead singer James Allan.
Intensive Care Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering intensive care or critical care and emergency medicine. It was established in 1975 as the European Journal of Intensive Care Medicine and obtained its current name in 1977. It is the official journal of the European Society of Intensive Care Medicine. The editor-in-chief is Prof. Samir Jaber. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media.
The inverted repeat-lacking clade (IRLC) is an informal monophyletic clade of the flowering plant subfamily Faboideae. Well-known members of this clade include chickpeas, broad or fava beans, vetch, lentils, peas, wisteria, alfalfa, clover, fenugreek, liquorice, and locoweeds. The name of this clade is informal and is not assumed to have any particular taxonomic rank like the names authorized by the ICBN or the ICPN. The clade is characterized by the loss of one of the two 25-kb inverted repeats in the plastid genome that are found in most land plants. It is consistently resolved in molecular phylogenies. The clade is predicted to have diverged from the other legume lineages 39.0±2.4 million years ago. It includes several large, temperate genera such as Astragalus, Hedysarum, Medicago, Oxytropis, Swainsona, and Trifolium.
"It's Still Rock and Roll to Me" is a song written and performed by Billy Joel, from the hit album Glass Houses. Released in 1980, the song peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks, from July 19 through August 1, 1980, making it Joel's first number 1 hit single in the United States. The song spent 11 weeks in the top 10 and was the 7th biggest hit of 1980 according to American Top 40.
Jalalia is a town in Abbottabad District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°8'45N 73°6'10E with an altitude of 919 metres.
Juhan Jaagu Muks was an Estonian artist and painter.
King of the Mountain is a 1981 American action drama film starring Harry Hamlin, Joseph Bottoms, Deborah Van Valkenburgh, Richard Cox, Seymour Cassel and Dennis Hopper about a group that race their cars up and down Mulholland Drive for both money and prestige.
Kings Ripton is a village and civil parish in Cambridgeshire, England. Kings Ripton lies approximately 3 miles (5 km) north-east of Huntingdon. Kings Ripton is situated within Huntingdonshire which is a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire as well as being a historic county of England.
Kotumachagi is a village located in the Gadag taluk, Gadag district of Karnataka state, India. It is approximately 23 km from the district headquarters.
Kuleh Bayan is a village in Quri Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, it had a population of 36, with 10 families. The village is populated by Kurds.
Lepiota helveola is a gilled mushroom of the genus Lepiota in the order Agaricales. It was described by Italian mycologist Giacomo Bresadola in 1882.
Lucy Victoria Ward is an English singer-songwriter from Derby, England. She performs, with a voice described as expressive and powerful, traditional English folk songs as well as her own material. Three of her albums, Adelphi Has to Fly, Single Flame and I Dreamt I Was a Bird, have been critically acclaimed and have each received four-starred reviews in the British national press.
Lygodium microphyllum is a climbing fern originating in tropical Africa, Southeast Asia, Melanesia and Australia. It is an invasive weed in Florida where it invades open forest and wetland areas. The type specimen was collected in the vicinity of Nabúa, on the island of Luzon in the Philippines by Luis Née.
Massacre on 34th Street was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). It took place on December 3, 2000, from the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York City, and was the penultimate pay-per-view event from ECW before the promotion's closure.
Melaleuca sheathiana, commonly known as boree is a plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, and is endemic to central and south-western Western Australia. It is similar to Melaleuca pauperiflora except that it has small, spoon-shaped leaves.
Momchil Emilov Tsvetanov is a Bulgarian professional footballer who plays for Krumovgrad. Although he predominantly plays as a winger, he has also been deployed as a left-back.
Muławki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 km (3 mi) south-west of Kętrzyn and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Najmadin Shukr Rauf Zanganeh, known by his nom-de-guerre as "Mama Risha", was a Kurdish guerilla fighter and member of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK).
Nemapogon nigralbella is a moth of the family Tineidae. It is found in Spain, France, Germany, Denmark, Austria, Switzerland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Croatia, Hungary, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Belarus, Moldova, the Baltic region, Finland, Sweden, Norway and Russia.
North Haledon is a borough in Passaic County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2020 United States census, the borough's population was 8,927, an increase of 510 (+6.1%) from the 2010 census count of 8,417, which in turn reflected an increase of 497 (+6.3%) from the 7,920 counted in the 2000 census.
Operation Hump was a search and destroy operation initiated by United States and Australian forces on 5 November 1965, during the Vietnam War.
Our Leading Citizen is a 1939 American comedy film directed by Alfred Santell and written by Jack Moffitt. The film stars Bob Burns, Susan Hayward, Joseph Allen, Elizabeth Patterson, Gene Lockhart and Charles Bickford. The film was released on August 23, 1939, by Paramount Pictures.
Ovophis is a genus of pit vipers found in Asia. Seven species are currently recognized.
Pinnacle Mountain is the tallest mountain contained entirely within the state of South Carolina. It is located within Table Rock State Park in Pickens County, South Carolina. The summit of the mountain is accessible by hiking trails, the shortest of which is 4.2 miles one-way and begins at the Table Rock State Park Nature Center.
Politiken is a leading Danish daily broadsheet newspaper, published by JP/Politikens Hus in Copenhagen, Denmark. It was founded in 1884 and played a role in the formation of the Danish Social Liberal Party. Since 1970 it has been independent of the party but maintains a liberal stance. It now runs an online newspaper, politiken.dk. The paper's design has won several international awards, and a number of its journalists have won the Cavling Prize.
Pseudanos trimaculatus, the threespot headstander, is a species of headstander found in Argentina, Brazil, Guyana and Peru.
The raid on Griessie was a British attack on the port of Griessie in the Dutch East Indies on December 1807 during the Java campaign of 1806–1807. It was the final action in a series of engagements fought by the British squadron based in the Indian Ocean against the Dutch naval forces in Java. It completed the destruction of the Dutch squadron with the scuttling of three ships of the line, the last Dutch warships in the region. The British squadron—under the command of Rear-Admiral Sir Edward Pellew—sought to eliminate the Dutch to safeguard the trade route with China, which ran through the Straits of Malacca and were in the range of Dutch raiders operating from the principal Javan port of Batavia.
The Reamer Barn is a historic barn near the village of Oberlin in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Constructed at the end of the nineteenth century, it was built to house a gentleman farmer's cattle herd, and it has been named a historic site because of its distinctive architecture.
"Rebel Love Song" is the fifth single by American rock band Black Veil Brides, and the third and final single from their second album Set the World on Fire. Lead vocalist Andy Biersack explained the meaning of the song in an interview with Kerrang! magazine: "That song is about the idea of finding something that you can run to, about making that Utopian society in your head and doing what you can to bust out and get there." The song won the Kerrang! Award for Best Single.
The Richmond–Petersburg Turnpike was a controlled-access toll road located in the Richmond-Petersburg region of central Virginia, United States.
Air Marshal Sir Charles Roderick Carr, was a senior Royal Air Force commander from New Zealand. He held high command in the Second World War and served as Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief in India.
Roque Ceruti was an Italian composer in Peru. He was recruited as conductor of the Viceroy of Peru's private orchestra, and was a dominant italianizing influence during the period, though this was resented by some of the more traditional Spanish musicians.
Rubus arizonensis, called Arizona dewberry, is a North American species of dewberry in Section Procumbentes of the genus Rubus, a member of the rose family. It is endemic to the Arizona Upland of Arizona and northern Sonora, Mexico.
Saint-Raphaël is a commune in the Var department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, Southeastern France.
Sauxillanges is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
Schistura jarutanini is a species of troglobitic stone loach endemic to Thailand.
The Siamese mud carp is a species of freshwater cyprinid fish, a variety of Asian carp native to the Mekong and Chao Phraya Rivers in Southeast Asia, especially in Cambodia, Laos and Thailand. It is very common in floodplains during the wet season and migrates upstream in the Mekong starting in Cambodia.
"Silence Is Easy" is the first single from the album of the same name by British pop band Starsailor. The song reached number nine on the UK Singles Chart, which is the band's highest position on the UK chart. The song also reached number 40 in Ireland and number 70 in the Netherlands. It was one of two songs on the album that was produced by Phil Spector.
Simon is a 2004 Dutch drama film written and directed by Eddy Terstall. The story is about two male friends, one heterosexual and one gay. Same sex marriage and euthanasia are prominent themes of the film. The film has won three Golden Calves, for Best Actor, Best Director and Best Feature Film, as well as the Audience Award of the Netherlands Film Festival. It was also the Dutch entry for the Oscars in 2005, but it was not nominated.
Sky, is the second Mandarin studio album recorded by Chinese singer Faye Wong. It was released on 10 November 1994 under Cinepoly Records.
Stara Bučka is a settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia, the traditional region of Lower Carniola. Within the municipality, it belongs to the Local Community of Škocjan. It lies between Škocjan and Bučka. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Stemonoporus laevifolius is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
"Sting Me" is a song by American rock band the Black Crowes. It is the opening track on the band's second studio album, The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion, and was released in 1992 as its second commercial single. The song reached number one on the US Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart, where it remained for two weeks, and was the second of four singles from the album to top the Album Rock chart. A music video was also filmed for the song, featuring the band performing at a marijuana legalization rally.
Storme Warren is an American television and radio broadcaster, best known as the host of The Big 615 channel on TuneIn as a part of Garth Brooks' Sevens Network as well as the former host of The Storme Warren Show weekday mornings on SiriusXM's channel The Highway.
Tchonoro  is a village in the Assoli prefecture in the Kara Region of north-eastern Togo.
Terrorist Threats is the second and final studio album by American West Coast hip hop supergroup Westside Connection. It was released on December 9, 2003 through Hoo-Bangin' Records and Capitol Records. Production was handled by Young Tre, Bruce Waynne, Dirty Swift, Pockets, Rashad Coes, Big Tank, Damizza, DJ Jamal, Fredwreck, Megahertz, Neff-U, and Sir Jinx, with Ice Cube and Mack 10 serving as executive producers. It features guest appearances from K-Mac, Butch Cassidy, Young Soprano, Knoc-turn'al, Nate Dogg, Skoop Delania, and Keith David, who voiced the intro track "Threat to the World", and parts of "Potential Victims" and "Gangsta Nation". The album debuted at number 16 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 136,000 copies sold in the US. It has since sold 679,000 records in the US and has been certified Gold by the RIAA on January 12, 2004.
Thaia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae. The sole species is Thaia saprophytica, native to Laos and Thailand.
The Crowd Snores is a short animated film produced by Walter Lantz Productions. It is the third film to feature Pooch the Pup. The film is also a parody of the Warner Bros. feature film The Crowd Roars.
The Honolulu Advertiser was a daily newspaper published in Honolulu, Hawaii. At the time publication ceased on June 6, 2010, it was the largest daily newspaper in Hawaii. It published daily with special Sunday and Internet editions.
Dave Clark's "Time" is a concept album based on Dave Clark's 1986 musical Time. It was released in vinyl as a double LP and in cassette format. It sold over two million copies and spawned five hit singles, one by Julian Lennon and two by Cliff Richard. For Freddie Mercury, 'Time' became a top 40 hit whilst, "In My Defence", became a posthumous hit in 1992.
Touch of Death is a 1961 black and white British second feature crime film directed by Lance Comfort and starring William Lucas, David Sumner, Ray Barrett and Jan Waters. It was written by Lyn Fairhurst from a story by Aubrey Cash and Wilfred Josephs.
Trachelipus dimorphus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in Romania, Kosovo, Montenegro, Serbia and Vojvodina.
The men's triathlon was part of the Triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics programme. It was the first appearance of the event, making this an official debut at the 2000 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Sunday, September 17, 2000 at the Sydney Opera House in Sydney.
Trichoscypha cavalliensis is a species of plant in the family Anacardiaceae. It is found in Ivory Coast, Ghana, and Liberia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Uelsby is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Wehlaberg is a hill in Brandenburg, Germany.
Wernshausen is a part of Schmalkalden in the district Schmalkalden-Meiningen, in Thuringia, Germany. Until December 2008, when it was merged into Schmalkalden, it was an independent municipality.
Yayoidai Station  is a passenger railway station located in Izumi-ku, Yokohama, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Sagami Railway (Sotetsu).
"You Better Run" is a song by the Young Rascals. Written by group members Eddie Brigati and Felix Cavaliere, it was released as the band's third single in 1966 and reached the top 20 in the United States. This song is noted for its repeated roller coaster musical chords in the bass guitar, going from C to B-flat to C to E-flat to B-flat to C.
Zarudcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Koprzywnica, 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Sandomierz, and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
