The Fleckistock (or Rot Stock) is a 3,417 metres high mountain in the Urner Alps, overlooking Wassen in the canton of Uri. It is the highest summit of the group lying east of the pass of Sustenjoch (2,656 metres). This range, starting at the Stucklistock and ending at the Salbitschijen, separates the valleys of Voralp, above Göschenen and Meiental, above Wassen. The east flanks of the mountain are covered by glaciers. A glacier named Rütifirn lies on the north-eastern side and another (smaller) named Kartigelfirn lies on the south-east side. The west side is almost free of ice.
Cindy Mackey (born April 2, 1961) is an American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour. She also played under her maiden name, Cindy Pleger, before her marriage in 1984. Mackey won once on the LPGA Tour in 1986.
Andrew Scott Sloan (June 12, 1820 – April 8, 1895) was an American lawyer, Republican politician, and Wisconsin pioneer.  He served one term in the U.S. House of Representatives and was Wisconsin's 11th Attorney General.  He also 14 years as a Wisconsin circuit court judge and was a three-term mayor of Beaver Dam, Wisconsin.  His brother, Ithamar Sloan, was also a U.S. congressman.
Tchonoro  is a village in the Assoli prefecture in the Kara Region  of north-eastern Togo.
Momchil Emilov Tsvetanov (Bulgarian: Момчил Емилов Цветанов; born 3 December 1990) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who plays for Krumovgrad. Although he predominantly plays as a winger, he has also been deployed as a left-back. A product of Spartak Pleven's youth academy, he has represented Bulgaria at all youth levels. Tsvetanov was part of U19 squad for the 2008 UEFA European Under-19 Championship.
The Raid on Griessie was a British attack on the Dutch port of Griessie (later renamed Gresik) on Java in the Dutch East Indies in December 1807 during the Napoleonic Wars. The raid was the final action in a series of engagements fought by the British squadron based in the Indian Ocean against the Dutch naval forces in Java. It completed the destruction of the Dutch squadron with the scuttling of three ships of the line, the last Dutch warships in the region. The British squadron—under the command of Rear-Admiral Sir Edward Pellew—sought to eliminate the Dutch to safeguard the trade route with China, which ran through the Straits of Malacca and were in the range of Dutch raiders operating from the principal Javan port of Batavia. In the summer of 1806, British frigates reconnoitred Javan waters and captured two Dutch frigates, encouraging Pellew to lead a major attack on Batavia that destroyed the last Dutch frigate and several smaller warships. Before the Batavia raid, however, Dutch Rear-Admiral Hartsinck had ordered his ships of the line to sail eastwards, where they took shelter at Griessie, near Sourabaya. On the morning of 5 December 1807, a second raiding squadron under Pellew appeared off Griessie and demanded that the Dutch squadron in the harbour surrender. The Dutch commander—Captain Cowell—refused and seized the boat party carrying the message. Pellew responded by advancing up the river and exchanging fire with a Dutch gun battery on Madura Island. At that point, the governor in Surabaya overruled Captain Cowell, released the seized boat party, and agreed to surrender the ships at anchor in Gresik harbour. However, by the time Pellew reached the anchorage, Cowell had scuttled all the ships in shallow water, and Pellew could only set the wreckage on fire. Landing shore parties, the British destroyed all military supplies in the town and demolished the battery on Madura. With the destruction of the force in Griessie, the last of the Dutch naval forces in the Pacific were eliminated. British forces returned to the region in 1810 with a large-scale expeditionary force that successfully invaded and captured Java in 1811, temporarily removing the last Dutch colony east of Africa.
Kuleh Bayan (Persian: كوله بيان, also Romanized as Kūleh Bayān, Kūlahbayān, and Kūleh Beyān; also known as Qulleh Biyān) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, it had a  population of 36, with 10 families. The village is populated by Kurds.
The 2009–10 Swiss Cup was the 85th season of Switzerland's annual football cup competition. It began on 17 September with the first game of Round 1 and ended on 9 May 2010 with the Final held at St. Jakob-Park, Basel. The competition was won by FC Basel, who defeated second-level side Lausanne-Sport, 6–0. Since Basel also won the 2009–10 Swiss Super League, Lausanne qualified for the second qualification round of the UEFA Europa League.
Stara Bučka (pronounced [ˈstaːɾa ˈbuːtʃka]; German: Altbutschka) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia, the traditional region of Lower Carniola. Within the municipality, it belongs to the Local Community of Škocjan. It lies between Škocjan and Bučka. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
The 8th Glover Trophy was a motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 18 April 1960 at Goodwood Circuit, England. The race was run over 42 laps of the circuit, and was won by British driver Innes Ireland in a Lotus 18. This was the first Formula 1 win for the Lotus marque in an international race (there had been an earlier win at Davidstow, Cornwall in 1954 in a national race).
The Crowd Snores is a short animated film produced by Walter Lantz Productions. It is the third film to feature Pooch the Pup. The film is also a parody of the Warner Bros. feature film The Crowd Roars.
Convoy HX 156 was the 156th of the numbered series of World War II HX convoys of merchant ships from Halifax, Nova Scotia to Liverpool.  Forty-three ships departed Halifax on 22 October 1941, and were met two days later by United States Navy Task Unit 4.1.3 consisting of Gleaves-class destroyer Niblack, Clemson-class destroyer Reuben James, Wickes-class destroyer Tarbell, and Benson-class destroyers Benson and Hilary P. Jones.
Kotumachagi is a village located in the Gadag taluk, Gadag district of Karnataka state, India. It is approximately 23 km from the district headquarters.
Lucy Victoria Ward is an English singer-songwriter from Derby, England. She performs, with a voice described as expressive and powerful, traditional English folk songs as well as her own material. Three of her albums, Adelphi Has to Fly, Single Flame and I Dreamt I Was a Bird, have been critically acclaimed and have each received four-starred reviews in the British national press.
Wehlaberg is a hill in Brandenburg, Germany.
Rubus arizonensis, called Arizona dewberry, is a North American species of dewberry in section Procumbentes of the genus Rubus, a member of the rose family. It is endemic to Arizona and Sonora, Mexico.
Saint-Raphaël (French: [sɛ̃ ʁafaɛl]; Occitan: Sant Rafèu Occitan pronunciation: [ˈsan raˈfɛw]) is a commune in the Var department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, Southeastern France. Immediately to the west of Saint-Raphaël lies a larger and older town, Fréjus; together they form an urban agglomeration known as Var Estérel Méditerranée, which also encompasses the smaller communes of Les Adrets-de-l'Estérel, Puget-sur-Argens and Roquebrune-sur-Argens. In the second half of the 19th century, the township came under the influence of Mayor Felix Martin and writer Jean-Baptiste Alphonse Karr; owing to their efforts and its beneficial climate the commune developed into a seaside resort popular with artists, sportsmen and politicians.
Lepiota helveola is a gilled mushroom of the genus Lepiota in the order Agaricales. It was described by Italian mycologist Giacomo Bresadola in 1882. It has white gills and spores. They typically have rings on the stems, Like several other species of the genus Lepiota, it contains amatoxins which may cause potentially fatal liver injury.
Balanites is an Afrotropical, Palearctic and Indomalayan  genus of flowering plants in the caltrop family, Zygophyllaceae. The name Balanites derives from the Greek word for an acorn and refers to the fruit, it was coined by Alire Delile in 1813.
The Battle of Rottofreddo was fought on 10 August 1746 during the War of Austrian Succession between a French army and Austrian forces.  The French were led by Marshal Maillebois, and could repel the Austrian attack, but had to withdraw after the battle.
The gerbil mouse or long-eared mouse (Malacothrix typica) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae. It is found in Angola, Botswana, Namibia, and South Africa. Its natural habitats are dry savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, hot deserts, and temperate deserts.
Our Leading Citizen is a 1939 American comedy film directed by Alfred Santell and written by Jack Moffitt. The film stars Bob Burns, Susan Hayward, Joseph Allen, Elizabeth Patterson, Gene Lockhart and Charles Bickford. The film was released on August 23, 1939, by Paramount Pictures.
Melaleuca sheathiana, commonly known as boree is a plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, and is endemic to central and south-western Western Australia. It is similar to Melaleuca pauperiflora except that it has small, spoon-shaped leaves.
The Battle of Sampur was a battle fought in 2006 for the town of Sampur.
"It's Still Rock and Roll to Me" is a song written and performed by Billy Joel, from the hit album Glass Houses. Released in 1980, the song peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks, from July 19 through August 1, 1980. The song spent 11 weeks in the top 10 and was the 7th biggest hit of 1980 according to American Top 40. The song conveys Joel's criticisms of the music industry and press, commenting on new musical styles of the time such as new wave being mere rehashes of older musical styles. It also addresses changing trends and attitudes of the era.
King of the Mountain is a 1981 American action drama film starring Harry Hamlin, Joseph Bottoms, Deborah Van Valkenburgh, Richard Cox, Seymour Cassel and Dennis Hopper about a group that race their cars up and down Mulholland Drive for both money and prestige. The film's primary focus is Steve (Harry Hamlin), who has found himself generally content with his uncomplicated life of working and racing. This creates some amount of tension between him and his friends, who have been losing their interest in racing and have been attempting to make serious inroads in the music industry. Steve's blossoming relationship with singer Tina (Deborah Van Valkenburgh) causes him to re-think his mantra, as he realizes that a truly fulfilling life involves more than just work and play.
Dave Clark's "Time" is a concept album based on Dave Clark's 1986 musical Time. It was released in vinyl as a double LP (Catalog number: AMPM 1, EQ 5003) and in cassette format. It sold over two million copies and spawned five hit singles, one by Julian Lennon and two by Cliff Richard. For Freddie Mercury, 'Time' became a top 40 hit whilst, "In My Defence", became a posthumous hit in 1992.The album had never been transferred onto digital format until May 8, 2012, when a restored edition of the soundtrack, remastered by Adam Vanryne and produced by Dave Clark, was released on iTunes  to commemorate the musical's 25th anniversary. This reissue also features a 20-page color booklet.
Zarudcze [zaˈrutt͡ʂɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Koprzywnica, 17 km (11 mi) south-west of Sandomierz, and 79 km (49 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
Uelsby (Danish: Ølsby) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The Battle of Bregalnica was fought between the Kingdom of Bulgaria army and the Kingdom of Serbia during the Second Balkan War from 30 June to 8 July. It was the largest battle of the war.
The Bornean mountain ground squirrel (Sundasciurus everetti) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.  The scientific name commemorates British colonial administrator and zoological collector Alfred Hart Everett.
Dallas Keuchel (, KY-kəl; born January 1, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Houston Astros, Atlanta Braves, Chicago White Sox, Arizona Diamondbacks,  Texas Rangers and Minnesota Twins. Keuchel attended the University of Arkansas, where he played baseball for the Arkansas Razorbacks. Keuchel made his MLB debut in 2012. In 2014, he was awarded both the Gold Glove Award and the Fielding Bible Award. Keuchel was named the starting pitcher for the American League in the 2015 MLB All-Star Game. Following the 2015 season, he won the American League Cy Young Award along with his second Gold Glove and Fielding Bible Awards. Keuchel was a member of the World Series champion 2017 Houston Astros. He played for the Atlanta Braves in 2019 and signed a three-year contract with the Chicago White Sox before the 2020 season. The White Sox designated Keuchel for assignment and subsequently released him in May 2022. Later in the year he was signed first by the Arizona Diamondbacks and then by the Texas Rangers, both of which later designated him for assignment. He is a two-time All-Star and a five-time Gold Glove winner.
The 2011 Sparta Prague Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was part of the 2011 ITF Women's Circuit, offering a total of $100,000 in prize money. It took place at the Tennis Club Sparta Prague in Bubeneč, Prague, Czech Republic, from 9 to 15 May 2011.
The Reamer Barn is a historic barn near the village of Oberlin in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio.  Constructed at the end of the nineteenth century, it was built to house a gentleman farmer's cattle herd, and it has been named a historic site because of its distinctive architecture.
Najmadin Shukr Rauf Zanganeh or "Mama Risha" (Kurdish: مامه‌ ڕیشه‌, lit. 'Bearded Uncle', July 1, 1957 – January 25, 1985), was a member of the Peshmerga loyal to the PUK.
"Hey Boy" is a song by Swedish group Teddybears from their album Fresh. It was released as the album's second single in 2004 and reached the top 20 in Sweden. The music video received airplay on ZTV.
Muławki [muˈwafki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Kętrzyn and 63 km (39 mi) north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
The Honolulu Advertiser was a daily newspaper published in Honolulu, Hawaii.  At the time publication ceased on June 6, 2010, it was the largest daily newspaper in Hawaii. It published daily with special Sunday and Internet editions. The Honolulu Advertiser was the parent publisher of Island Weekly, Navy News, Army Weekly, Ka Nupepa People, West Oahu People, Leeward People, East Oahu People, Windward People, Metro Honolulu People, and Honolulu People small, community-based newspapers for the public.
Andrew Kippis (28 March 1725 – 8 October 1795) was an English nonconformist clergyman and biographer.
Adrian Darnell Griffin (born July 4, 1974) is an American professional basketball coach and former player who is the head coach for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played in the NBA as a shooting guard and small forward from 1999 to 2008. Griffin grew up in Wichita, Kansas and played collegiately at Seton Hall University.
Pseudanos trimaculatus, the threespot headstander, is a species of headstander found in Argentina, Brazil, Guyana and Peru. Pseudanos trimaculatus exhibits a degree of geographical variation, with specimens found in the Amazon basin exhibiting much more conspicuous black spots at the center of their scales than their Essequibo or Orinoco basin counterparts
The 2011 Kor Royal Cup was the 76th Kor Royal Cup, an annual football match contested by the winners of the previous season's Thai Premier League and Thai FA Cup competitions.  The match was played at Suphachalasai Stadium, Bangkok, on 30 January 2011, and contested by 2010 Thai Premier League champions Muangthong United, and Chonburi as the winners of the 2010 Thai FA Cup.
"You Better Run" is a song by the Young Rascals. Written by group members Eddie Brigati and Felix Cavaliere, it was released as the band's third single in 1966 and reached the top 20 in the United States. This song is noted for its repeated roller coaster musical chords in the bass guitar, going from C to B-flat to C to E-flat to B-flat to C.
Yayoidai Station (弥生台駅, Yayoidai-eki)  is a passenger railway station located in Izumi-ku, Yokohama, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Sagami Railway (Sotetsu).
Tian Kong (天空), known as Sky in the English-speaking world, is the ninth studio album (her second album in Mandarin) recorded by Chinese singer Faye Wong when she was based in Hong Kong. It was released on 10 November 1994.
Simon is a 2004 Dutch drama film directed by Eddy Terstall. The story is about two male friends, one heterosexual and one gay. Same sex marriage and euthanasia are prominent themes of the film. The film has won three Golden Calves, for Best Actor (Cees Geel), Best Director (Eddy Terstall) and Best Feature Film, as well as the Audience Award (Eddy Terstall) of the Netherlands Film Festival. It was also the Dutch entry for the Oscars in 2005, but it was not nominated.
Sauxillanges (French pronunciation: [soksilɑ̃ʒ]) is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
The 2013 Slovnaft Cup final was the final match of the 2012–13 Slovak Cup, the 44th season of the top cup competition in Slovak football. The match was played at the Štadión MFK Ružomberok in Ružomberok on 1 May 2013 between MŠK Žilina and ŠK Slovan Bratislava. ŠK Slovan Bratislava won 2–0 and Slovan have a chance acquire double.
Massacre on 34th Street was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). It took place on December 3, 2000, from the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York City, and was the penultimate pay-per-view event from ECW before the promotion's closure.
Finn Schiander (7 May 1889 – 7 June 1967) was a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. He was a crew member of the Norwegian boat Lyn, which won the silver medal in the 8 metre class (1919 rating).
Politiken is a leading Danish daily broadsheet newspaper, published by JP/Politikens Hus in Copenhagen, Denmark. It was founded in 1884 and played a role in the formation of the Danish Social Liberal Party. Since 1970 it has been independent of the party but maintains a liberal stance. It now runs an online newspaper, politiken.dk. The paper's design has won several international awards, and a number of its journalists have won the Cavling Prize.
The Siamese mud carp (Henicorhynchus siamensis) is a species of freshwater cyprinid fish, a variety of Asian carp native to the Mekong and Chao Phraya Rivers in Southeast Asia, especially in Cambodia, Laos and Thailand.  It is very common in floodplains during the wet season and migrates upstream in the Mekong starting in Cambodia. The Siamese mud carp has commercial use locally, both as food and in the aquarium trade.
The inverted repeat-lacking clade (IRLC) is a monophyletic clade of the flowering plant subfamily Faboideae (or Papilionaceae). Faboideae includes the majority of agriculturally-cultivated legumes. The name of this clade is informal and is not assumed to have any particular taxonomic rank like the names authorized by the ICBN or the ICPN. The clade is characterized by the loss of one of the two 25-kb inverted repeats in the plastid genome that are found in most land plants. It is consistently resolved in molecular phylogenies. The clade is predicted to have diverged from the other legume lineages 39.0±2.4 million years ago (in the Eocene). It includes several large, temperate genera such as Astragalus L., Hedysarum L., Medicago L., Oxytropis DC., Swainsona Salisb., and Trifolium L..
Touch of Death is a 1961 black and white British second feature crime film directed by Lance Comfort and starring William Lucas, David Sumner, Ray Barrett and Jan Waters.
Hiroshi Mori (森 博嗣, Mori Hiroshi, born December 7, 1957) is a Japanese writer and engineer. He is known for writing mystery novels – particularly his debut work The Perfect Insider, which won him the first Mephisto Prize in 1996 – but he considers himself to be a researcher as well as craftsman. He insists his name to be written and called "MORI Hiroshi,"  family name first and uppercased, regardless of the language when romanized.
Trachelipus dimorphus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in Romania, Kosovo, Montenegro, Serbia and Vojvodina.
Schistura jarutanini is a species of troglobitic stone loach endemic to Thailand. The specific name honours Kittipong Jarutanin, a Thai ichthyologist and aquarist who collected the type specimen.
Darreh Dang (Persian: دره دنگ, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Dang) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 451, in 67 families, making it the most populous village in the rural district.
Air Marshal Sir Charles Roderick Carr,  (31 August 1891 – 15 December 1971) was a senior Royal Air Force commander from New Zealand. He held high command in the Second World War and served as Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief in India.
The Burgery ambush was an ambush carried out by the Irish Republican Army (IRA) on 18–19 March 1921, during the Irish War of Independence. It took place near Dungarvan, County Waterford.
"Rebel Love Song" is the fifth single by American rock band Black Veil Brides, and the third and final single from their second album Set the World on Fire. Lead vocalist Andy Biersack explained the meaning of the song in an interview with Kerrang! magazine: "That song is about the idea of finding something that you can run to, about making that Utopian society in your head and doing what you can to bust out and get there." The song won the Kerrang! Award for Best Single.
"Sting Me" is a song by American rock band the Black Crowes. It is the opening track on the band's second studio album, The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion, and was released in 1992 as its second commercial single. The song reached number one on the US Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart, where it remained for two weeks, and was the second of four singles from the album to top the Album Rock chart. A music video was also filmed for the song, featuring the band performing at a marijuana legalization rally.
North Haledon (pronounced North HAIL-don) is a borough in Passaic County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2020 United States census, the borough's population was 8,927, an increase of 510 (+6.1%) from the 2010 census count of 8,417, which in turn reflected an increase of 497 (+6.3%) from the 7,920 counted in the 2000 census.North Haledon was formed as a borough by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on March 20, 1901, from portions of the now-defunct Manchester Township.
The men's triathlon was part of the Triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics programme. It was the first appearance of the event, making this an official debut at the 2000 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Sunday, September 17, 2000 at the Sydney Opera House in Sydney.
Evansius Kek Mawlong (1 February 1946 – 18 October 2008) was an Indian politician who served as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya from 8 March 2000, until 8 December 2001. He was the main architect in the formation of the United Democratic Party in Meghalaya and was its Founding President.
The Battle of Cepeda of 1820 took place on February 1 in Cañada de Cepeda, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. The conflict was the first major battle that saw Unitarians and Federals as two constituted sides. It ended with the defeat of the national government.Federal League Provinces of Santa Fe, Entre Ríos and José Miguel Carrera joined forces to topple the 1819 centralist Constitution and the Directorial government of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata. Both provincial leaders, Estanislao López and Francisco Ramírez, were allies of José Gervasio Artigas. Supreme Director José Rondeau called back the Armies that were fighting the Argentine War of Independence to fight the Federals. The Army of the Andes, commanded by José de San Martín refused to abandon the offensive against the royalists in Chile and Peru. The Army of the North, commanded by Manuel Belgrano, mutinied at Arequito, as the troops and the officiality refused to fight a civil war, and asked instead to go back to the northern frontier to fight the royalists. Rondeau's forces were defeated in the battle.
Ayrovo is a village in Kardzhali Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern Bulgaria.
Juhan Jaagu Muks (7 July 1899 - 23 November 1983) was an Estonian artist and painter. Juhan Muks was born in Tuhalaane, Viljandi County, Estonia. He acquired a higher education abroad before returning to his native Estonia and following his fellow countrymen Adamson-Eric, Eduard Wiiralt, Lydia Mei, Kristjan Teder, Eduard Ole, and Felix Randel in popularizing the Neue Sachlichkeit (New Objectivity) art movement throughout Estonia in the 1920s. The group also initiated the tradition of art exhibitions throughout the country. Muks is best known for his paintings of rural Estonian landscapes.
The 2011 League of Ireland Cup Final also known as the 2011 EA Sports Cup Final was the final match of the 2011 League of Ireland Cup, the 38th season of the League of Ireland Cup, a football competition for the 27 teams from the Premier Division, First Division, A Championship and the Ulster Senior League. The match was contested by Cork City and Derry City, at Turners Cross in Cork on 24 September 2011. It was broadcast live on Setanta Sports.
Roque Ceruti (Milan c. 1683 or 1686 – Lima 1760) was an Italian composer in Peru. He was recruited as conductor of the Viceroy of Peru's private orchestra, and was a dominant italianizing influence during the period, though this was resented by some of the more traditional Spanish musicians.He served as maestro de capilla (chapel or choir master) of Trujillo Cathedral from 1721 to 1728, and then maestro at Lima Cathedral until his death. A fair amount of his works survives at the Archivo Arzobispal (Episcopal Archive) of Lima, at the collection that once belonged to the Cathedral of La Plata (i.e. modern Sucre, Bolivia) which is now housed at the Archivo y Biblioteca Nacionales de Bolivia, and at the Seminary of San Antonio Abad in Cusco and at La Paz.
Amphisbaena ridleyi, known by the common names Ridley's worm lizard or the Noronha worm lizard, is a species of amphisbaenian in the family Amphisbaenidae. The species is endemic to the island of Fernando de Noronha off the coast of Brazil. It is one of two indigenous reptiles on the island.
Enallagma truncatum is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae. It is endemic to Cuba.  Its natural habitats are intermittent freshwater lakes and freshwater marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
The Richmond–Petersburg Turnpike was a toll road located in the Richmond-Petersburg region of central Virginia, United States. After World War II, major traffic congestion occurred in the area around Richmond and Petersburg along U.S. Route 1 (US 1) and US 301. This was particularly true where these two major routes shared the same roadway for much of the distance between the two cities, as well as bridges across the James River and Appomattox River.
Chitita is a village in the Arica and Parinacota Region, Chile. It has a church that was on the Chilean tentative list for submission to the 1998 UNESCO World Heritage List.
Kings Ripton  (traditionally King's Ripton) is a village and civil parish in Cambridgeshire, England. Kings Ripton lies approximately 3 miles (5 km) north-east of Huntingdon. Kings Ripton is situated within Huntingdonshire which is a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire as well as being a historic county of England.
Operation Hump was a search and destroy operation initiated by United States and Australian forces on 5 November 1965, during the Vietnam War. The US-Australian objective was to drive out Viet Cong (VC) unit who had taken up positions on several key hills in War Zone D in an area about 17.5 miles (28.2 km) north of Bien Hoa. The U.S. 1st Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment (1/503rd), 173rd Airborne Brigade conducted a helicopter assault on an LZ northwest of the Dong Nai River and Song Be River. The 1st Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment (1RAR) was deployed south of the Dong Nai. On 8 November the major engagement of the operation took place when a VC Regiment attempted to encircle and overrun the 1/503rd resulting in 49 U.S. killed and between 400 and 700 VC killed. On the same day in an engagement known later as the Battle of Gang Toi, 1RAR attacked a VC bunker and trench system, killing six VC and capturing five, while losing two missing.
"Silence Is Easy" is the first single from the album of the same name by British pop band Starsailor. The song reached number nine on the UK Singles Chart, which is the band's highest position on the UK chart. The song also reached number 40 in Ireland and number 70 in the Netherlands. It was one of two songs on the album that was produced by Phil Spector.
Wernshausen is a part of Schmalkalden in the district Schmalkalden-Meiningen, in Thuringia, Germany. Until December 2008, when it was merged into Schmalkalden, it was an independent municipality.
Thaia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae. The sole species is Thaia saprophytica, native to Laos and Thailand.Thaia was previously tentatively placed in the tribe Neottieae, but is now placed as the only genus in the tribe Thaieae.
Trichoscypha cavalliensis is a species of plant in the family Anacardiaceae. It is found in Ivory Coast, Ghana, and Liberia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Akalwadi  is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India. It is located in the Basavana Bagevadi taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka.
The Battle of Zacatecas, also known as the Toma de Zacatecas ("Taking of Zacatecas"), was the bloodiest battle in the campaign to overthrow Mexican President Victoriano Huerta. On June 23, 1914, Pancho Villa's División del Norte (Division of the North) decisively defeated the federal troops of General Luis Medina Barrón defending the town of Zacatecas. The great victory demoralized Huerta's supporters, leading to his resignation on July 15. However, the Toma de Zacatecas also marked the end of support of Villa's Division of the North from Constitutionalist leader Venustiano Carranza and US President Woodrow Wilson.
Pinnacle Mountain is the tallest mountain contained entirely within the state of South Carolina (the state's highest point, Sassafras Mountain, is partially in North Carolina). It is located within Table Rock State Park in Pickens County, South Carolina. The summit of the mountain is accessible by hiking trails, the shortest of which is 4.2 miles one-way and begins at the Table Rock State Park Nature Center.Pinnacle Mountain is typical of the southern Appalachians. It's mainly an eroded mountain of gentler slopes with a summit completely cloaked, principally in poplar, oaks, and other hardwoods. There is some very steep forest terrain on the eastern side of the peak, Bald Rock, where there are some cliffs and slopes. In the late 1990s, some 600 plus prehistoric petroglyphs were discovered at Pinnacle Mountain. The petroglyphs, believed to be created by the Hopewell culture, pre-date the Cherokees and are believed to be between 1,500 and 3,500 years old.
Terrorist Threats is the second and final studio album by American West Coast hip hop supergroup Westside Connection. It was released on December 9, 2003 through Hoo-Bangin'/Capitol Records. Production was handled by Young Tre, Bruce Waynne, Dirty Swift, Pockets, Rashad Coes, Big Tank, Damizza, DJ Jamal, Fredwreck, Megahertz, Neff-U, and Sir Jinx, with Ice Cube and Mack 10 serving as executive producers. It features guest appearances from K-Mac, Butch Cassidy, Young Soprano (p.k.a. Deviossi), Knoc-turn'al, Nate Dogg, Skoop Delania, and Keith David, who voiced the intro track "Threat to the World", and parts of "Potential Victims" and "Gangsta Nation". The album debuted at number 16 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 136,000 copies sold in the US. It has since sold 679,000 records in the US and has been certified Gold by the RIAA on January 12, 2004.
The 2008 Copa del Rey final was the 106th final of the Spanish cup competition, the Copa del Rey. The final was played at Vicente Calderón in Madrid, on 16 April 2008. The match was won by Valencia, who beat Getafe 3–1, winning the tournament for the seventh time. It was a second defeat in the final in succession for Getafe, who also lost to Sevilla in 2007. These had been their only appearances in the event; by contrast it was Valencia's  16th final.
"If" is a 2013 single by Scottish Indie rock band Glasvegas. It was released on 8 July 2013. It is the second single from their third studio album Later...When The TV Turns To Static. It was written and produced by lead singer James Allan.
Fabrice Gautrat (born November 4, 1987) is an American soccer player and coach. Gautrat is currently an assistant coach with North Carolina Courage in the National Women's Soccer League.
Nemapogon nigralbella is a moth of the family Tineidae. It is found in Spain, France, Germany, Denmark, Austria, Switzerland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Croatia, Hungary, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Belarus, Moldova, the Baltic region, Finland, Sweden, Norway and Russia.The wingspan is 12–17 mm. Adults are on wing from June to July.
Lygodium microphyllum (commonly known as, variously, climbing maidenhair fern, Old World climbing fern, small-leaf climbing fern, or snake fern) is a climbing fern originating in tropical Africa, Southeast Asia, Melanesia and Australia. It is an invasive weed in Florida where it invades open forest and wetland areas. The type specimen was collected in the vicinity of Nabúa, on the island of Luzon in the Philippines by Luis Née.
Bryotropha plantariella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It is found in Norway, Sweden, Finland, north-eastern Germany, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Poland, Belarus, Russia (including Siberia) and North America. Records from Austria, the Czech Republic and Slovakia need confirmation. The wingspan is 11–13 mm for males and 11–12 mm for females. The forewings are dark ochreous grey to brown. The hindwings are pale grey. Females are similar to males, but somewhat darker. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to July.
Sir Anthony Michael Beaumont-Dark (11 October 1932 – 2 April 2006) was a British politician. He was born in Birmingham on 11 October 1932, the son of a businessman. He was educated at Cedarhurst School, Solihull; Shirley College; Birmingham College of Arts and Crafts; and Birmingham University. He trained as an investment analyst and became a stockbroker by profession.He was a Conservative City Councillor for Birmingham from 1956 to 1967, and stood unsuccessfully for Birmingham Aston in 1959 and 1964. Subsequently, he became MP for the constituency of Birmingham Selly Oak from 1979 to 1992. He was known for being a "rent-a-quote" MP who would deliver a pithy and memorable comment on almost any public issue.He defeated Tom Litterick of the Labour Party in 1979, and served as a backbencher until his defeat in the 1992 general election by Dr Lynne Jones, the Labour candidate. He was knighted the same year.
392 is the second studio album and Japanese release by the South Korean rock band CNBlue. The album is the last indie release of the band in Japan, before the group move to Warner Music Japan. The album was released on September 1, 2011.
Hagar Wilde (July 7, 1905 – September 25, 1971) was an American novelist, short story writer, playwright, and screenwriter from the 1930s through the 1950s. She is perhaps best known for the screenplays for Bringing Up Baby (1938) and I Was a Male War Bride (1949), two Howard Hawks films, both starring Cary Grant.
Intensive Care Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering intensive care or critical care and emergency medicine. It was established in 1975 as the European Journal of Intensive Care Medicine and obtained its current name in 1977. It is the official journal of the European Society of Intensive Care Medicine. The editor-in-chief is Giuseppe Citerio (University of Milano Bicocca). It is published by Springer Science+Business Media. "Intensive Care Medicine" is the publication platform for communicating and exchanging current work and ideas in intensive care medicine. It is intended for all those who are involved in intensive medical care, physicians, anaesthetists, surgeons, paediatricians, as well as those concerned with pre-clinical subjects and medical sciences basic to these disciplines.
Henlow is a village and civil parish in the Central Bedfordshire district of the county of Bedfordshire, England, about 11 miles (18 km) south-east of the county town of Bedford. The name Henlow is believed to derive from the old English henna hlaw, meaning in old English "hill of birds" or “hill frequented by birds”.At the 2011 census the population of the village was 2,253, and 3,815 for the parish.
"Can U Get wit It" is the first single from American recording artist Usher's self-titled debut album, Usher (1994). Written and produced by DeVante Swing of Jodeci, the single peaked at number 59 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 87 on the UK Singles Chart.
Hilarographa excellens is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on the Bismarck Islands in the western Pacific Ocean.
Jalalia is a town in Abbottabad District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°8'45N 73°6'10E  with an altitude of 919 metres (3018 feet).
Storme Warren is an American television and radio broadcaster, best known as the host of The Big 615  channel on TuneIn as a part of Garth Brooks' Sevens Network as well as the former host of The Storme Warren Show weekday mornings on SiriusXM's channel The Highway. Storme also created Stone Beaver productions where he produced the popular entertainment news magazine show Headline Country which aired on the GAC Television network for 12 years. His television career began as a segment producer on CNN's Showbiz Today, and then on to TNN Country News and This Week in Country Music as an entertainment reporter.
Ashot I the Great (Georgian: აშოტ I დიდი ashot I didi) (died 826/830) was a presiding prince of Iberia (modern Georgia), first of the Bagratid family to have attained to this office c. 813. From his base in Tao-Klarjeti, he fought to enlarge the Bagratid territories and sought the Byzantine protectorate against the Arab Muslim encroachment until being murdered c. 826. Ashot is also known as Ashot I Kouropalates for the Byzantine title of kouropalates that he bore. A patron of Christian culture and a friend of the church, he has been canonized by the Georgian Orthodox Church.
Stemonoporus laevifolius is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae. It is endemic to Sri Lanka.
Common names: mountain pit vipers.Ovophis is a genus of venomous pitvipers found in Asia. Seven species are currently recognized.
The 2012–13 UEFA Champions League was the 58th season of Europe's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 21st season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs' Cup to the UEFA Champions League. The final was played at Wembley Stadium in London, England, in recognition of the 150th anniversary of the formation of England's Football Association, the world's oldest football association. It came just two years after Wembley hosted the final in 2011, making it the seventh occasion Wembley Stadium (current and old) had hosted the Champions League final. Bayern Munich, who had been runners-up in 2011–12, won by defeating Bundesliga rivals Borussia Dortmund 2–1 via an 89th-minute goal from Arjen Robben. This was Bayern's 10th final, their first European Cup title in 12 years and their fifth overall. This was the first all-German final and the fourth final to feature two teams from the same association, after the finals of 2000, 2003 and 2008.
Battle on the Elster (German: Schlacht bei Hohenmölsen) was the third and last battle between the Salian king Henry IV of Germany and anti-king Rudolf of Rheinfelden, fought on October 14, 1080 near Hohenmölsen on the White Elster river. Rudolf's forces were victorious; however, he was mortally wounded and succumbed to his injuries the next day.
The 2010 Belgian Super Cup was a football match that was played on 23 July 2010, between league winners Anderlecht and cup winners Gent. In a match with several chances for both teams, only Anderlecht managed to score once through Kouyaté. This meant the ninth Super Cup title for Anderlecht and left Gent still looking for their first win.
3WAY FM (ACMA callsign: 3WAY) is an Australian community radio station based in Warrnambool, Victoria. Established in 1990, it broadcasts on frequency 103.7 FM and is a member of the Community Broadcasting Association of Australia.TOM AND ALEX
The 1967 Italian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Autodromo Nazionale di Monza on 10 September 1967. It was race 9 of 11 in both the 1967 World Championship of Drivers and the 1967 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The race was won by British driver John Surtees driving a Honda. It was the sixth and final career victory for Surtees, as well as the first ever race for the Honda RA300 which he drove to victory. This was the first Formula One race where start lights were used. This race is considered one of Jim Clark's greatest performances in Formula One. He led the race until lap 12 when he picked up a puncture and lost an entire lap. He then spent the next 48 laps recovering through the field, taking the lead on lap 60, and pulled away. But on the final lap, a lack of fuel in Clark's Lotus 49 allowed Jack Brabham and Surtees to pass the Scotsman and finish first and second, with Surtees ahead by less than a car length at the line. This was the second victory for the Honda F1 team, and the last for the factory team until Jenson Button won the 2006 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Edmund Smith Conklin (April 19, 1884 – October 6, 1942) was an American author and psychologist. He was born in New Britain, Connecticut on April 19, 1884. He attended Clark University when G. Stanley Hall was a leading teacher. He graduated in psychology from Springfield College and Clark University. He was a professor and chairman of the department of psychology at Indiana University. He served at various times as a visiting professor at the University of Chicago and Syracuse University. He wrote books on abnormal psychology, anomalistic psychology and the psychology of religion.He died in a hospital in Bloomington, Indiana on October 6, 1942.
The African grey hornbill (Lophoceros nasutus) is a member of the hornbill family of mainly tropical near-passerine birds found in the Old World. It is a widespread resident breeder in much of sub-Saharan Africa and the southwest of the Arabian Peninsula. The African grey hornbill has escaped or been deliberately released into Florida, USA, but there is no evidence that the population is breeding and may only persist due to continuing releases or escapes.
Drama City (Deurama Siti, 드라마 시티) is an anthology television series that was broadcast by Korea Broadcasting System (KBS) via KBS2TV from 1984 to 2008. 1984's "Drama Game" lost its popularity several times since 1997, and the title, broadcast time was moved to late night hours. In 2007 MBC the longevity of a similar nature "Best Theater" that aired after stopping South Korea's broadcasting "HDTV's Literature" by abolishing in 2007 from the current terrestrial broadcasting was the only remaining act play series. And the type of material to test an experimental stage, but it was a classic in terms of audience and advertising revenue.
